Phase 1 :
1. if you have marked cancelled to any class you cant undo it
2. no option for adding extra class
3. it should show error if we try to mark attendance for future class but we can mark cancelled for any future class
4. attendance summary should show attendance of all the classes from the starting of the semester to the current date , if not marked yet it will be calculated as absent but note one thing it should not show absent on the timetable
5. for time table add am and pm the time too so that time table show classes in order ,first am then pm
6. Keep the academic section and goals & tasks section separately , i mean academic section should base on the semester but goals & tasks should work on normal calander(12 months)

Phase 2 :
1. in edit semester timetable option, make the already entered schedule slots(class slots) editable so that we can edit the classes individually ,what to do : currently it is showing cross(to cancel it) option beside each class in the "edit semester timetable" window ,you just have to add one more to to edit it beside each class so that on clicking it , it should show the class details which user can edit and confirm
2. in "edit semester timetable" window, initially when it will open it should only show the classes and a "add class" option
   on clicking "add class" option then the details that to be enter should appear like day, subject ,time etc
   same as on clicking edit option beside classes
3. now we need a whole new goals and task section, so there should be two options one shows tasks and other shows your time expenditure in a day 
4. tasks section : it is a list of tasks that user can input by their own, so there should be a add new task option which consists of date till the user have to complete, and a option where user can input sub task(day wise and week wise) which is like a check box 
my whole idea is user can input date oriented task and divide the task into sub tasks (week wise and then further divide into day-wise
it is like a list of task, on clicking any task it should week wise task with a check box, weeks should be divided acc to days between the today the target date not by calender, but it should show date and days acc to the calender, the on clicking weeks it should show day wise tasks with a checkbox, if the user forget to check the box it should display a warning message on the upper part of the window about the task
5. time expenditure section : it is basically a analysis block which should take input time expenditure for a work and that work the user can input, and data should store acc to the calender 
6. Task History/Archive: Store completed tasks to track productivity over time
7.Absent Class Log: Track why you missed (sick, personal, etc.) for context
8. UX/UI Improvements
Dark Mode: Reduce eye strain for late-night studying
Drag-and-Drop Scheduling: Rearrange timetable by dragging classes
Quick Add Shortcuts: Keyboard shortcuts for fast task/class entry
Search & Filter: Find tasks, classes, activities quickly
Notifications Panel: Centralized view of all alerts and warnings
Customizable Dashboard: Users can arrange widgets they care about
9. Gamification Elements (Optional but engaging)
Streak Counter: Consecutive days with all tasks completed
Achievements/Badges: Earn badges for consistency milestones
Weekly Leaderboard: (Personal only) challenge yourself week-over-week